We thank the referee again for these final comments.

We have also included a couple of phrases to make 
the minor clarifications suggested by the referee.

Below is the detailed reply.

The Authors,

---
Referee. There is still one point that makes me uncomfortable with and has come
up in response to one of the comments of my previous report. This one
has to do with the reduced chi-squared value - now explicitly provided
in the text - of their best fit result from the multiphase model. I
believe this is important as the main conclusion of the paper is based
on it. The authors quote as their minimum chi-squared a value of 11.7
(this is also shown in the figures). According to to Taylor (1997) (An
introduction to Error Analysis, Univ. Science Books, 2nd Ed., pages
292-293; see also his chapter 12), and assuming that I did not do a
wrong calculation, this value would correspond to a probability of
1.7%. It means that the fit is rejected at the 5% level and,
therefore, the disagreement is significant (see Taylor 1997). This
makes me think of one of my first comments regarding Fig. 1: the red
curve fails at reproducing the high- (positive) velocity tail of the
data (and part of the central line profile). I wonder whether this can
explain the poor reduced chi-squared value (which should be close to
unity for a good fit), unless there is some confusion and the value of
11.7 does not correspond to the reduced chi-squared but just the
chi-squared. I would like the authors to double check this and provide
a comment about the quality of the fit and how this impacts their
conclusions.  

Reply. The quoted values for the chi^2 are correct. The low
statistical value means that the two distributions (observed and
simulated) are indeed not the same. But we don't expect them to be the
same because we don't expect this galaxy to have the same simplified
description that we have in our models.

The value of these fits does not lie on the basis of its statistical
significance, but in it's ability to reproduce for the first time the
broad features of the observed galaxy. Their value is in the
physical insight they provide into the physical processes shaping the
Lyalpha line. 

This was succintly put by George Box when he wrote that "All models
are wrong but some are useful", or in a more extended quote from him:
"Now it would be very remarkable if any system existing in the real
world could be exactly represented by any simple model. However,
cunningly chosen parsimonious models often do provide remarkably
useful approximations. For example, the law PV = RT relating pressure
P, volume V and temperature T of an "ideal" gas via a constant R is
not exactly true for any real gas, but it frequently provides a useful
approximation and furthermore its structure is informative since it
springs from a physical view of the behavior of gas molecules. 
For such a model there is no need to ask the question "Is the model
true?". If "truth" is to be the "whole truth" the answer must be
"No". The only question of interest is "Is the model illuminating and
useful?"."  

(full source can be found in wikipedia https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/All_models_are_wrong)

In this context the chi^2 quantification is useful to decide between
parameters within the same model or between different models.

We have included a comment along these lines in the corresponding
section. The conclusions and discussion remain unchanged.

Refere. I suggest removing the sentence “It is the first time that an
observed Lyα spectrum can be explained assuming either of these
kinematic conditions” as the authors say, in the same abstract, that
the correct interpretation of the data is provided by only one of the
models (and not “either” of them). 

Reply. We have changed the "explained" by "reproduce the main
features". 

Referee. The reference to Cairós & González-Pérez (2017) may consider
the two papers by the authors, 2017a and 2017b.

Reply. We have included the latest paper by Cairos & Gonzalez-Perez.